Question: What is Digital Speech Processing?

Top Related Sentences with Metadata:
- [1.srt | 00:06:51.500 -> 00:06:58.460] If I say ask you, what is the purpose of studying the digital speech processing? What is the subject? But what is the purpose?

- [1.srt | 00:06:48.710 -> 00:06:57.069] If you see, what is the purpose of this course? If I say ask you, what is the purpose of studying the digital speech processing? What is the subject?

- [1.srt | 00:25:51.819 -> 00:26:01.249] That is why I say it is digital speech processing. I am not saying that the speech processing in analog domain. I said digital speech processing.

- [3.srt | 00:00:10.439 -> 00:00:50.159] So, before we start digital speech processing some ah signal processing concept has to be reviewed because those will be used frequently in many places. So, you may find difficulty the to conceptualize those DSP problem. So, what I do that I will just review some DSP concept, but details I will not go because details this is a separate subject which is called digital signal parsing because this is the best point of knowing the digital speech parsing.

- [4.srt | 00:49:23.020 -> 00:49:34.250] So, that way we can implement. So, this is the prerequisite part which I will be referred many times during the speech processing class. So, this is the overview of DSP.

- [3.srt | 00:00:00.050 -> 00:00:35.840] . So, before we start digital speech processing some ah signal processing concept has to be reviewed because those will be used frequently in many places. So, you may find difficulty the to conceptualize those DSP problem.

- [19.srt | 00:00:32.950 -> 00:00:57.380] Now, we are not analyzing the frequency of the speech in time domain methods for speech processing and that is used many cases those kind of methods are used ok. So, now, first of all that one things is that once the speech is digitized and taken into the computer. So, these are we are saying that digital signal processing the speech signal is now in digital domain.

- [1.srt | 00:27:59.579 -> 00:28:27.449] to work in speech processing. So, if you say the language communication, so different kind of dimension. So, speech processing involves algorithm, it is psychoacoustic, room acoustic, speech production, acoustic part, then information theory part, phonetics part, signal processing part, statistical signal processing, entropy, all kind of multidisciplinary action has been involved in developing the speech technology.

- [1.srt | 00:25:32.679 -> 00:25:55.709] So this is the mechanism I can say that I can transmit the speech from one point to another point. So now I can deal with this electrical signal whatever the coding technology all kinds of things I can do with this. That is why I say it is digital speech processing.

- [4.srt | 00:49:24.460 -> 00:49:40.390] So, this is the prerequisite part which I will be referred many times during the speech processing class. So, this is the overview of DSP. Please go through these slides if it is there is a suppose you do not cover the DSP.


Ordered & Merged Top Related Sentences (duplicates removed):

Group 1
Text: If you see, what is the purpose of this course? If I say ask you, what is the purpose of studying the digital speech processing? What is the subject. But what is the purpose.
Metadata: ('1.srt', '00:06:48.710 -> 00:06:58.460')

Group 2
Text: So this is the mechanism I can say that I can transmit the speech from one point to another point. So now I can deal with this electrical signal whatever the coding technology all kinds of things I can do with this. That is why I say it is digital speech processing. I am not saying that the speech processing in analog domain. I said digital speech processing.
Metadata: ('1.srt', '00:25:32.679 -> 00:26:01.249')

Group 3
Text: to work in speech processing. So, if you say the language communication, so different kind of dimension. So, speech processing involves algorithm, it is psychoacoustic, room acoustic, speech production, acoustic part, then information theory part, phonetics part, signal processing part, statistical signal processing, entropy, all kind of multidisciplinary action has been involved in developing the speech technology.
Metadata: ('1.srt', '00:27:59.579 -> 00:28:27.449')

Group 4
Text: So, before we start digital speech processing some ah signal processing concept has to be reviewed because those will be used frequently in many places. So, you may find difficulty the to conceptualize those DSP problem. So, what I do that I will just review some DSP concept, but details I will not go because details this is a separate subject which is called digital signal parsing because this is the best point of knowing the digital speech parsing.
Metadata: ('3.srt', '00:00:00.050 -> 00:00:50.159')

Group 5
Text: So, that way we can implement. So, this is the prerequisite part which I will be referred many times during the speech processing class. So, this is the overview of DSP. Please go through these slides if it is there is a suppose you do not cover the DSP.
Metadata: ('4.srt', '00:49:23.020 -> 00:49:40.390')

Group 6
Text: Now, we are not analyzing the frequency of the speech in time domain methods for speech processing and that is used many cases those kind of methods are used ok. So, now, first of all that one things is that once the speech is digitized and taken into the computer. So, these are we are saying that digital signal processing the speech signal is now in digital domain.
Metadata: ('19.srt', '00:00:32.950 -> 00:00:57.380')