Question: How does noise affect speech signal analysis?

Top Related Sentences with Metadata:
- [1.srt | 00:10:58.439 -> 00:11:17.569] So, speech coding is also another aspect. So, while I doing the speech based any kinds of application, the first thing is that I have to know the speech, what the scientific aspects of the speech. how it is behave like that.

- [15.srt | 00:24:38.500 -> 00:25:00.470] and lip radiation and I get the speech signal. So, random noise passes through vocal track and included lip radiation produce the speech for unvoiced speech. If it is a voiced speech, impulse strain will be modified by the Guadal pulse generator and that will pass through the vocal track and lip radiation produce the speech.

- [8.srt | 00:03:21.340 -> 00:03:37.610] If you listen it also, some noise signals are there. Now if I see that this is a time domain representation of the speech signal. Now there is another kind of representation which is called spectral view.

- [18.srt | 00:10:26.009 -> 00:10:51.859] phenomena is called frequency masking and this is utilized in speech coding to hide the coding, hide the noise. So, suppose the coding generate a noise, if the noise is within this limit then I can say this noise is not perceivable. So, to hide this noise frequency masking is much more useful.

- [18.srt | 00:22:31.299 -> 00:22:45.049] that sensitivity changing has to be model in spectral envelope also or equal loudness curve. Log spectrogram integration temporal features. So, I can say the temporal features is very important in a speech signal.

- [16.srt | 00:12:22.259 -> 00:12:51.719] If in this class there is a five people are talking together even at the five people are talking and their audio level is almost equal I can attend I can make attends my attention to a particular student speaking. So, that means, I can focus on a particular sound that is one of the biggest property in human perception. The I can easily cancel the noise or the what is the definition of a noise unwanted signal is nothing but a noise.

- [18.srt | 00:22:45.649 -> 00:22:58.129] How the spectral dynamics is changing is also a part of a speech signal, also a features of a speech signal. So, that is also very important for speech perception. Timber is one of the examples.

- [8.srt | 00:03:18.830 -> 00:03:33.020] So, if you see that this is noise kind of things. If you listen it also, some noise signals are there. Now if I see that this is a time domain representation of the speech signal.

- [20.srt | 00:29:59.360 -> 00:30:08.680] I have to accurately locate the beginning and end of the speech with a noisy background something will be there. So, those kind of things will be there. So, what is the problem?

- [1.srt | 00:11:03.289 -> 00:11:20.039] So, while I doing the speech based any kinds of application, the first thing is that I have to know the speech, what the scientific aspects of the speech. how it is behave like that. So, all kinds of things we have to know.


Ordered & Merged Top Related Sentences (duplicates removed):

Group 1
Text: So, speech coding is also another aspect. So, while I doing the speech based any kinds of application, the first thing is that I have to know the speech, what the scientific aspects of the speech. how it is behave like that. So, all kinds of things we have to know.
Metadata: ('1.srt', '00:10:58.439 -> 00:11:20.039')

Group 2
Text: So, if you see that this is noise kind of things. If you listen it also, some noise signals are there. Now if I see that this is a time domain representation of the speech signal. Now there is another kind of representation which is called spectral view.
Metadata: ('8.srt', '00:03:18.830 -> 00:03:37.610')

Group 3
Text: and lip radiation and I get the speech signal. So, random noise passes through vocal track and included lip radiation produce the speech for unvoiced speech. If it is a voiced speech, impulse strain will be modified by the Guadal pulse generator and that will pass through the vocal track and lip radiation produce the speech.
Metadata: ('15.srt', '00:24:38.500 -> 00:25:00.470')

Group 4
Text: If in this class there is a five people are talking together even at the five people are talking and their audio level is almost equal I can attend I can make attends my attention to a particular student speaking. So, that means, I can focus on a particular sound that is one of the biggest property in human perception. The I can easily cancel the noise or the what is the definition of a noise unwanted signal is nothing but a noise.
Metadata: ('16.srt', '00:12:22.259 -> 00:12:51.719')

Group 5
Text: phenomena is called frequency masking and this is utilized in speech coding to hide the coding, hide the noise. So, suppose the coding generate a noise, if the noise is within this limit then I can say this noise is not perceivable. So, to hide this noise frequency masking is much more useful.
Metadata: ('18.srt', '00:10:26.009 -> 00:10:51.859')

Group 6
Text: that sensitivity changing has to be model in spectral envelope also or equal loudness curve. Log spectrogram integration temporal features. So, I can say the temporal features is very important in a speech signal.
Metadata: ('18.srt', '00:22:31.299 -> 00:22:45.049')

Group 7
Text: How the spectral dynamics is changing is also a part of a speech signal, also a features of a speech signal. So, that is also very important for speech perception. Timber is one of the examples.
Metadata: ('18.srt', '00:22:45.649 -> 00:22:58.129')

Group 8
Text: I have to accurately locate the beginning and end of the speech with a noisy background something will be there. So, those kind of things will be there. So, what is the problem.
Metadata: ('20.srt', '00:29:59.360 -> 00:30:08.680')