Enter your question: What are Articulatorya and Acoustic Phonetics?
Question: What are Articulatorya and Acoustic Phonetics?

Top Related Sentences with Metadata:
- [5.srt | 00:06:14.729 -> 00:06:33.289] Here I am explain the details of the phonetics. So, it is produced by a human being in an acoustic waveform. So, I will cover the acoustic phonetics and articulatory phonetics.

- [5.srt | 00:06:25.999 -> 00:06:48.489] So, I will cover the acoustic phonetics and articulatory phonetics. Once the sound is coming in the air, it is the acoustic. So, I have to know the acoustic part of the phonetics and how we produce the different sound using this vocal track is the articulatory phonetics.

- [5.srt | 00:06:33.559 -> 00:06:50.779] Once the sound is coming in the air, it is the acoustic. So, I have to know the acoustic part of the phonetics and how we produce the different sound using this vocal track is the articulatory phonetics. So, the phonetics has two parts.

- [7.srt | 00:24:07.639 -> 00:24:35.959] So, this is the sound description and this is how the place and manner of articulation are described in acoustics phonetics. So then instead of vowel and consonant there may be other sound also like that approximate or this is the vowel vowel combination, semi vowel or glides, dipthong, hiatus all kinds of sounds will be there. As an engineer we should know.

- [6.srt | 00:07:02.119 -> 00:07:14.669] the place of articulation. For example, suppose I want to produce the vowel ah. So, I can see the vocal cords is vibrating and hip of the tongue is raised ah.

- [6.srt | 00:19:58.970 -> 00:20:12.460] phonetic alphabet. I can assign a symbol to each an individual sound, depending on the place and manner of articulation. Now, sound has a consonant.

- [5.srt | 00:06:21.229 -> 00:06:37.159] So, it is produced by a human being in an acoustic waveform. So, I will cover the acoustic phonetics and articulatory phonetics. Once the sound is coming in the air, it is the acoustic.

- [5.srt | 00:06:37.159 -> 00:07:56.649] So, I have to know the acoustic part of the phonetics and how we produce the different sound using this vocal track is the articulatory phonetics. So, the phonetics has two parts. phonetics one is called acoustic phonetics another is called articulatory phonetics so i will details cover those things because we have to understand the sound but composition of sound in the study of linguistics so there may be a phonology there may be a language rule grammar and there may be a some kind of arrangement pragmatic paralinguistics linguistics all kinds of rules will be there ok now let us look how the human track look like this is the x-ray of human vocal this whole whole whole systems x-ray whole systems there is a vocal cords and there is a tube articulatory tube whole system x-ray is look like this if i take the mri this is taken from ah professor sinaran so if you see that mri of the human vocal track which look like this this is the lip then there is a tongue whose lip tip of the tongue is open back portion is closed then there will be a vocal cord here.

- [7.srt | 00:23:56.749 -> 00:24:17.509] So, you can go through that, but how to write that once I know the symbols I can describe the place and manner of articulation. plasim. So, this is the sound description and this is how the place and manner of articulation are described in acoustics phonetics.

- [5.srt | 00:07:52.999 -> 00:08:33.299] phonetics one is called acoustic phonetics another is called articulatory phonetics so i will details cover those things because we have to understand the sound but composition of sound in the study of linguistics so there may be a phonology there may be a language rule grammar and there may be a some kind of arrangement pragmatic paralinguistics linguistics all kinds of rules will be there ok now let us look how the human track look like this is the x-ray of human vocal this whole whole whole systems x-ray whole systems there is a vocal cords and there is a tube articulatory tube whole system x-ray is look like this if i take the mri this is taken from ah professor sinaran so if you see that mri of the human vocal track which look like this this is the lip then there is a tongue whose lip tip of the tongue is open back portion is closed then there will be a vocal cord here. So, if I schematically represent this thing it will look like lip then tongue tip of the tongue is open and back the bottom is closed bottom is fixed with the lower jaw then this is the palate then there is a velum because we have a nasal cavity and we have a oral cavity. So, velum may be closed or velum may be open then there will be a pharyngeal walls discreetly Now, if I take the schematic representation of the speech production system, it will look like this.


Ordered & Merged Top Related Sentences (duplicates removed):

Group 1
Text: Here I am explain the details of the phonetics. So, it is produced by a human being in an acoustic waveform. So, I will cover the acoustic phonetics and articulatory phonetics. Once the sound is coming in the air, it is the acoustic. So, I have to know the acoustic part of the phonetics and how we produce the different sound using this vocal track is the articulatory phonetics. So, the phonetics has two parts. phonetics one is called acoustic phonetics another is called articulatory phonetics so i will details cover those things because we have to understand the sound but composition of sound in the study of linguistics so there may be a phonology there may be a language rule grammar and there may be a some kind of arrangement pragmatic paralinguistics linguistics all kinds of rules will be there ok now let us look how the human track look like this is the x-ray of human vocal this whole whole whole systems x-ray whole systems there is a vocal cords and there is a tube articulatory tube whole system x-ray is look like this if i take the mri this is taken from ah professor sinaran so if you see that mri of the human vocal track which look like this this is the lip then there is a tongue whose lip tip of the tongue is open back portion is closed then there will be a vocal cord here. So, if I schematically represent this thing it will look like lip then tongue tip of the tongue is open and back the bottom is closed bottom is fixed with the lower jaw then this is the palate then there is a velum because we have a nasal cavity and we have a oral cavity. So, velum may be closed or velum may be open then there will be a pharyngeal walls discreetly Now, if I take the schematic representation of the speech production system, it will look like this.
Metadata: ('5.srt', '00:06:14.729 -> 00:08:33.299')

Group 2
Text: the place of articulation. For example, suppose I want to produce the vowel ah. So, I can see the vocal cords is vibrating and hip of the tongue is raised ah.
Metadata: ('6.srt', '00:07:02.119 -> 00:07:14.669')

Group 3
Text: phonetic alphabet. I can assign a symbol to each an individual sound, depending on the place and manner of articulation. Now, sound has a consonant.
Metadata: ('6.srt', '00:19:58.970 -> 00:20:12.460')

Group 4
Text: So, you can go through that, but how to write that once I know the symbols I can describe the place and manner of articulation. plasim. So, this is the sound description and this is how the place and manner of articulation are described in acoustics phonetics. So then instead of vowel and consonant there may be other sound also like that approximate or this is the vowel vowel combination, semi vowel or glides, dipthong, hiatus all kinds of sounds will be there. As an engineer we should know.
Metadata: ('7.srt', '00:23:56.749 -> 00:24:35.959')